feat: Add information about the various node configs (#48)
ceramicnetwork/docs: docs/build/nodes.md

## CLI
The Ceramic command line interface provides a way to spawn a Ceramic daemon and to interact with this (or remote) daemon though simple commands.

### Ceramic daemon
The simplest way to run a Ceramic node is to run the `ceramic daemon` command in your console. This command starts a Ceramic node with a standard cofiguration in a few steps. First a properly configured IPFS instance is started, IPFS is then used to create an instance of Ceramic core. Once Ceramic core is running an HTTP server is started that serves the [Ceramic HTTP API](./reference/http-api.md). The node is now ready to accept requests from the local environment or remotely.

> By default the daemon runs a bundled IPFS instance. It's also possible to run a separate service for IPFS using the `@ceramicnetwork/ipfs-daemon` npm package. Regardless of how the IPFS instance is managed, if you want your node to be discoverable from the network, make sure to *portforward* the appropriate ports used by IPFS and the Ceramic HTTP API. Also be sure to add your node to the [peerlist](https://github.com/ceramicnetwork/peerlist/blob/main/testnet-clay.json) by submitting a pull request (this is a temporary measure to enhance peer discovery since js-ipfs doesn't support DHT lookups yet).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default the daemon runs a bundled IPFS instance. It's also possible to run a separate service for IPFS using the `@ceramicnetwork/ipfs-daemon` npm package. Regardless of how the IPFS instance is managed, if you want your node to be discoverable from the network, make sure the appropriate ports used by IPFS and the Ceramic HTTP API are publicly accessible (for example if you are behind a router you may need to set up port forwarding). Also be sure to add your node to the [peerlist](https://github.com/ceramicnetwork/peerlist/blob/main/testnet-clay.json) by submitting a pull request (this is a temporary measure to enhance peer discovery since js-ipfs doesn't support DHT lookups yet).
```

## HTTP Client

> The Ceramic HTTP client is a lighter way of interacting with the Ceramic network. It connects to a remote Ceramic http endpoint to read and write data. Important to note however is the users keys always lives client side and all updates are authored on the client and then sent to the remote http endpoint to write the update to the network. The HTTP client also implements the *CeramicApi* so it can be used interchangeably with Core.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Ceramic HTTP client is a lighter way of interacting with the Ceramic network. It connects to a remote Ceramic http endpoint to read and write data. Important to note however is the user's keys always live client side and all updates are authored on the client and then sent to the remote http endpoint to write the update to the network. The HTTP client also implements the *CeramicApi* so it can be used interchangeably with Core.
```

> The Ceramic HTTP client is a lighter way of interacting with the Ceramic network. It connects to a remote Ceramic http endpoint to read and write data. Important to note however is the users keys always lives client side and all updates are authored on the client and then sent to the remote http endpoint to write the update to the network. The HTTP client also implements the *CeramicApi* so it can be used interchangeably with Core.

Reviewer: Should we add a note that the HTTP API trusts the connected daemon node, and does no validation itself?

Author: Good point, updated.

## Hosted nodes

> The main consideration when using the Ceramic HTTP client is which remote Ceramic node to use. Options include running your own node, or using a node by some service provider.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The main consideration when using the Ceramic HTTP client is which remote Ceramic node to use. Options include running your own node, or using a node managed by some service provider.
```
